ENH Optimize dot product order for LogisticRegression for dense matrices (#19571)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

:mod:`sklearn.linear_model`
...........................

- |Efficiency| The implementation of :class:`linear_model.LogisticRegression`

>   has been optimised for dense matrices when using `solver==newton-cg` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  has been optimised for dense matrices when using `solver='newton-cg'` and
```
